Added Physical Device Setup (#278)
FlutterFlow/flutterflow-documentation: docs/testing-deployment-publishing/running-your-app/local-run.md

![run-controls](../imgs/run-controls.avif)

## Setup Physical Device

> Testing your app on physical devices is essential to ensure it performs as expected in real-world scenarios. To set up a physical device, first, launch the project in **Android Studio** or **Xcode**, depending on the platform you are targeting. You can easily access these options by clicking on the **code icon** in the **Local Run** menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing your app on physical devices is essential to ensure it performs as expected in real-world scenarios. To set up a physical device, launch your project in **Android Studio** or **Xcode**, depending on your target platform. You can easily access these options by clicking on the **code icon** in the **Local Run** menu.
```

![access-project-code.avif](../imgs/access-project-code.avif)

### Setup Android Device

> To setup Android physical device, first enable Developer Options and USB Debugging in your Android device. Navigate to **Settings > About phone**, tap **Build number** seven times to activate Developer Options, then go to **Settings > System > Developer options** and enable **USB debugging**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup Android physical device, first, enable Developer Options and USB Debugging in your Android device. Navigate to **Settings > About phone**, tap **Build number** seven times to activate Developer Options, then go to **Settings > System > Developer options** and enable **USB debugging**.
```
